# scndrl
repo for Scoundrel game concept

"I’ve been playing a single player card game called Scoundrel (not mine) and I’ve been having a lot of fun with it. I attached an image of the rules of the game and I thought it was really good, but I added some extra cards to the game. In the rules you’re supposed to remove the red face cards and aces. I put the King of Diamonds and King of Hearts back into the deck as “merchants.” When a king is in your dungeon and you decide to play it, you shuffle the discard pile and draw six cards. All spades and clubs are nothing cards, you can’t purchase them. All hearts you can get for free but they only heal three health, unless you draw a two of hearts in which case it’s three. All diamonds cost three of your health to purchase and your current weapon is discarded in place of the purchased weapon. If a red king or joker (the next card I added) is drawn, they are also nothing cards and can’t be purchased. You can only purchase/get one card from a merchant, so either a weapon or health. The next card I added was the jokers, which when drawn and played allow you to shuffle the dungeon deck. This could be useful because if you skip a very difficult dungeon and you know it’s coming but you draw a joker, that dungeon will be completely different. It could also create very difficult dungeons but it’s just chance. I also added a “looping” mechanic like in a real rogue-like. After you finish the dungeon, you mark that you’ve finished the dungeon somehow, you keep your current health and weapon, you shuffle the discard pile and make it the dungeon pile. The weapons in the merchant now cost three health instead of two and it increases every loop (probably maxing at five). I’m left with the red aces, queens, and jacks. For Jacks I was thinking of making them “Necromancers”, and when drawn and played you can pay him 1-2 of your health (haven’t decided) to shuffle the discard pile and play four cards, basically resurrecting a new dungeon from the already discarded cards. It’s like a dungeon within a dungeon. This could be useful because you could get really good weapons/health potions but you could also encounter powerful monsters."
